# Project Setup
These guidelines cover best practices for structuring Cucumber test assets within a project.

## General Guidelines
#### Do not overload Cucumber-provided files with custom code
Keep features, step definitions, hooks, and any helpers you write in separate files from those generated by Cucumber.

* Provides distinction from boilerplate code
* Prevents custom code from getting overwritten by future Cucumber updates

Note: as of Cucumber-Rails 1.1.0, the `web_steps.rb` file has been removed and deprecated.

## Feature Definition Files
#### Organize features definition files in a hierarchical directory structure
Features should be grouped in a way that makes sense in the context of your particular business model or application. Suggested groupings include: business objects, actions, and contexts.

* Creates a visual representation of how each piece of functionality is related
* Provides a built-in guide for where to add or find features
* Allows subsets of features or scenario to be run

If you run a subset of the test suite, you will need to include the Features folder to ensure all step definitions and support files are available.

`cucumber -r features`

## Step Definition Files
#### Group step definitions in multiple files
Step definition files should be grouped in a way that makes sense in the context of your particular business model or application. Suggested groupings include: by model.

* Provides a built-in guide for where to add or find steps
* Makes nesting related steps, and finding related step definitions, easier

#### Do not relate step definition files back to a specific feature file
Steps are meant to be reusable; organizing them by feature is an anti-pattern.

* Makes steps harder to locate if they are applicable across features
* Leads to step duplication

#### Do not use web_steps.rb
As of Cucumber-Rails 1.1.0, the `web_steps.rb` file has been removed and deprecated. Steps should be defined in custom step definition files.

## Tags
#### Classify non-functional features and scenarios with tags
Tags should be used in conjunction with your feature definition file organizational scheme.

* Allows scenarios to be run selectively based on custom criteria
* Allows you to maintain a logical file organization scheme

Suggested classifications include:

* Dependancies - local, database, network
* Environments
* Run frequency - hourly, daily, monthly, every build
* Size
* Speed
* Status - work in progress, no longer applicable
